1. Mods to mess around with(aka they may be unbalanced and/or broken)

 HH.txt- makes it so that Hellfire Halitosis is affected by melee damage
 kinda broken on Mania Hellborn, but Bloodlust Hellborn shouldnt be affected that much

 LtF.txt- increases the final explosion damage by twice, and the thrown dynamite by 3.6 times but its also changed to rocket splash instead of grenade splash. also increases the thrown dynamite's radius by a bit
 intended for non-explosive Kriegs who still want to have some fun, using this with an Explosive Krieg will most likely be broken/op
 
 Nidhogg.txt-last updated:5/3
 Changes the creamer to resemble the BL1 Nidhogg(aka fires a rocket that explodes after a set time, releasing 6 smaller rockets downward)
 removes the Moxxi healing as well
 
 Heimdall.txt-last updated:4/27
 - replaces the Evil Smasher, my take at sth that resembles the BL1 Ogre/AjaxOgre(probably closer to AjaxOgre)
 accurate, fast firing explosive rifle
 havent really worked on a skin yet either
 
 
 2. Krieg Tweaks(fixes?)
 
 StV.txt- Silence the Voice's self damage is originally boosted by grenade damage, making it dangerous to swing your axe after activating Fuel the Blood
 this makes it so that the self damage is no longer boosted by grenade damage(or anything else as far as I know)
 
 FlameFlare.txt- adds a 9% Burn damage reduction(not Fire damage, mind you) to Flame Flare
 makes it so that burn DoTs from external sources such as enemies or barrels are less likely to kill you, since those DoTs are affected by the increased burn duration too
 
 Stacks.txt- Elemental Elation stacks and Salt the Wounds stacks shared a spot for being displayed, making it so that you could only see one of the two
 this makes it so that you can see both

 KillSkillSlots.txt- makes it so that Blood Bath and Fuel the Fire are displayed in separate slots, thus preventing their overlapping each other.
 
 EtP.txt- Embrace the Pain doesnt affect the fire rate of your thrown buzzaxes. The reason is that it is set to be deactivated when youre in Blood Axe Rampage
 this makes it so that Embrace the Pain stays on while youre in Blood Axe Rampage, thus keeping your roid shield delay long and giving you faster buzz axe throwing speed
 
 BloodTwitch.txt- turns Blood Twitch into a passive skill, but lowers the Swap Speed to compensate
 so at 5/5 Blood Twitch, each bloodlust stack will give you 0.9% swap speed, meaning youll have 90% swap speed with 100 stacks
 
 BloodEuphoria.txt- last updated:4/25
 Blood Euphoria is an unused skill for Krieg which surprisingly had all the codes set up. basically, all it needed doing was putting it on a skilltree
 so I put it on Bloodlust tier 4
 Blood Euphoria: when killskills end, you heal 0.2n% per bloodlust stacks you have.
 
 
 
 3. Grenade Resistance
 some enemies have grenade resistance, which greatly limits the amount of gear that can be used on them.
this removes grenade resistance from enemies
theres Saturn.txt, Constructor.txt, Raidboss.txt, which removes the grenade resistance of Saturn, Constructors, and Terra/Vermi respectively
All.txt removes it for all of them.
 
 
