5.0.2 Fix Changelog:

- Removed any changes concerning "global drop rarity constants" fixes.
   -> The idea was to fix certain inconsistencies by Gearbox which made loot pools use flat values instead of the usual attribute for the drop rate. It was a modder's resource and didn't affect gameplay, but was confusing for lots of people.
   -> Unknown to us, this broke Tubby COM drop chance and accidentally set it to 20% instead of 100%, which was fixed now.
- Fixed two minor bugs.

5.0.1 Fix Changelog:

- Fixed some scaling issues which caused slag and other elemental effects to barely trigger.

5.0 Changelog:

Weapons
-------
Reverted all splash damage changes that changed the damage type to grenade damage.
Reverted the Slowhand back to normal, other than always spawning with x3 projectiles regardless of accessory.
Buffed the Overcompensator similarly to the Butcher.
Buffed the Nirvana similarly to the Hellfire.
Buffed the Infection Cleaner similarly to the Avenger and fixed the reload's bullets not having Incendiary Damage.
Buffed the Unicornsplosion similarly to the SWORDSPLOSiON!!!
Buffed the Hot Mama's gun body and applied the Bolt-Action Sniper buffs to it.
Fixed the Dahlminator having too many buffs.
Returned the critical hit penalty to Railguns. Buffed Maliwan Railer base damage an additional 20%.
Rigged the Butcher so that non-Practicable versions will have four pellets while Practicable will have five pellets.
Rigged the Orphan Maker so that non-Rustler's versions will have three pellets while Rustler's will have four pellets.
Improved the Invader's initial accuracy.


Shields
-------
Weighted the Bigg Thumprr's shield parts.


Relics 
------
Added Damage-over-Time resistance to the Winter is Over relic.
Fixed the Afterburner's Recharge Rate not getting properly boosted.


Class Mods
----------
Changed the Pointman and Legendary Pointman's max health back to Pre-Add, and health regeneration back to Post-Add to be consistent with other class mods.


Skills
------
Made the Infection skill get tracked on the HUD.
Removed the hidden, unintended Gun Damage boost from Forbearance (this was added accidentally in a previous version of the patch).


Cosmetics
---------
Added cosmetic skins by Aaron0000 to the Amigo Sincero, Hector's Paradise, Hot Mama, M2828 Thumpson, Nirvana, Overcompensator, Peak Opener, Toothpick, Unicornsplosion, and World Burn.
Added cosmetic skins by Aaron0000 to the Tiny Tina dlc class mods.


Loot Pools
----------
Made Hoffman drop regular purple Vladof sniper rifles that don't get sanity checked.
Added the Amigo Sincero to Lt. Hoffman.
Added the Nirvana to Lt. Angvar and removed the Infinity.
Added the Overcompensator and Infection Cleaner to Lt. Tetra.
Added Hector's Paradise to Cassius.
Made Dark Web respawnable and have a small chance of dropping E-Tech weapons.
Made one of the Sandworm Queens in "The Burrows" respawn and changed the drops to have a 10% chance of dropping the Toothpick, Retainer, and Mouthwash.
Made the Lilith DLC's Butt Stallion have a chance to produce Gemstone weapons, Tiny Tina class mods, and a small chance of producing a Unicornsplosion.
Removed Uncommon gear and duplicate loot pools from the Dahl Abandon grave's item pool.
Lowered the TMNT Rats' drop chance of the Storm Front from 7.5% per rat to 5% (This is still higher than vanilla, which is 2.5%).
Lowered the drop rates of unique item pools for rare enemies to 10% from 20% (Vanilla value).
Fixed Spiderpants' Quasar drops.
Made adjustments to Bridget Hodunk's loot pools.
Lowered Rue the Lover Thresher's chances of dropping the Triquetra and Legendary gear to 10% each.
Removed blue/purple relics from the Legendary gear drop pool for enemies.
Increased the Ogre's drop rate to 20%.


Fixes
-----
Fixed the rarity on the Amigo Sincero and Overcompensator.
Fixed the Peak Opener using sounds and animations of a Vladof Assault Rifle.
Moved the Overpower Level effects to start at level 81 instead of level 73. (There is an option to revert this in "Optionals".)
Changed the Level 80 (formerly OP8) Pearl loot pool to start at OP10.
Fixed Infected Bruisers having an extra space in their name in TVHM/UVHM.
Fixed Voracidous' and Hyperius' health being too high when all three level-cap dlcs are installed.
Enabled the Easy Mode to produce novas outside of Digistruct Peak.
Fixed a loot pool in the Lilith DLC's digistruct chests.
Fixed the Badass Infected Sprout's loot pools.
Fixed the Hard Carry set bonus applying when the Easy Mode is equipped while the relic is in the inventory, as well as the effect applying multiple times.
Fixed Custom Waypoint Text Inconsistency.
Adjusted the enemy health regen rate for levels 72 through 80. Was previously set to the Overpower level health regen (3.5%), should be approximately 2.5% now.
Fixed "Steady as She Goes" not working correctly with Hyperion weapons.
Fixed an issue where recoil reduction would not apply while gunzerking if your main hand's weapon was Hyperion.
Fixed Blood Overdrive relying on skill points invested in Taste of Blood instead of itself for class mod boosts.
Fixed floating objects in the Badass Crater of Badassitude.
Fixed the Crossfire displaying an incorrect fuse time on the item card.
Fixed various instances of audio in the game.


Other 
-----
Updated the "say" text and Badass Rank replacer text to 5.0
Removed Zero Head/Skin Pools from Bad Maw.
Changed how the Damage-over-Time damage bonus is applied in UVHM. Levels 51 through 60 gain a 15% buff, Levels 61 through 71 gain a 20% buff, Levels 73 through 80 get a 25% buff, and Overpower levels retain the 50% buff.
Added 300% Melee Damage bonus to Infection Clouds.
Increased the experience earned from killing the raid bosses (excluding the Ancient Dragons of Destruction.)
Updated Less Dumb Visuals to v3.2.
Changed Crawmerax Jr's 10% chance of dropping Pearlescents to ten 5% chance of dropping gear from the Legendary/Pearl loot pool.
Moved the Gemstone rarity to be below Legendary. (Legendary upgrades in the black market will be gemstone rarity as a side effect.)
Fixed the Fire Storm and Chain Lightning being lower in rarity than E-Tech Grenades (i.e. the Breath of Terramorphous.)
Fixed the Bee, Black Hole, Cradle, Fabled Tortoise, and Whiskey Tango Foxtrot to use the proper Legendary rarity instead of the one that is below E-Tech rarity.
Fixed Legendary Class Mods to use the proper Legendary rarity instead of the one that is below E-Tech rarity.
Fixed Legendary Customizations to use the proper Legendary rarity instead of the one that is below E-Tech rarity.
Added the ability to enable the Retainer's set bonus outside of Writhing Deep at reduced effectiveness as an optional. (5tumbl)
Removed the Roid Damage from the Retainer's stat card.
Normalized Uranus', Cassius', and Lt. Bolson's drop rates (This is a modder's resource and doesn't change anything in their droprates.).
Made Tubbies/Chubbies use global drop rarity constants (This is a modder's resource and doesn't change anything in their droprates.).
Added UHD Compatible textures for some of the cosmetic changes made by the UCP.
Revised the Chopper's cosmetic skin to no longer affect the skin for Rare Vladof weapons.
Made Pimon, Tumbaa, the Black Queen, King Mong, and Donkey Mong have a 100% chance to spawn.
Added an option to Optionals that allows large bodies to be removed quickly to make locating loot easier.
Changed the reward of "A Most Cacophonous Lure" to match the rewards for other raid boss missions added in the UCP.

